hello how about youtube friends i am your
friend angel montiel and today gentlemen yes
we have a very important announcement in
this new face to face for all
our followers and is that gentlemen
attention to the whole community of spirit
see this day or if this day is one of the
most important in the history of
spirit bean know why because speed
caps Mexico will open a new store
rubik cube in the city of
Guadalajara
the beautiful beautiful beautiful city of
Guadalajara will finally have a store
physics of the best rubik cube shop
from all over the country and I, I, an angel
montiel I won him 10 I'll be
present the opening day as well
who sees a little piece of paper runs runs
open the notebook let's go take out
the iphone is take it out there to put a
note and note that the openness of spirit
Mexico-Guadalajara will be on the 30th of
August 2015
this is how I repeat August 30, 2015
Guadalajara will have a physical branch
of speed club mexico where we are going to
locate where the new girl is going to be
Simple store is going to be in the geek
plaza de guadalajara in the center
of the city on the first floor so is
gentlemen no no in the third one not in the
second nothing does not give where are the
best where is the best place to
cover first floor of freaky plaza at
12 of the day at the local 118 of freaky
plaza is the board for all
spirit bears tournament opening raffles
raffles gifts dissemination to the maximum of
rubik cube and we can get to know each other
completely free for free as always
all speed clubs events mexico
to spread the rubik's cube around
the country
Guadalajara one of my dreams fulfilled
has finally arrived and here is gentlemen
a spirit store mx in
Guadalajara August 30 do not forget
on August 30 we will see each other in the
Mx Spirit Tournament at Geek Plaza
first local floor 118 at 12 a.m.
we are seeing each other there with the raffles the
tournaments 2 for 2 3 for 3 4 for 4 and many
gifts for the opening of the event
most important in the history of
spirit come in Guadalajara we are
watching there at the local I won him give me
be present to record all the
event upload it to the channel fame fame fame
find out if they want there we take some
photos some signatures of cubes rubik here
as all handsome as it usually is and we
we see do not miss it please see them
there what the 118 first floor of the
geek plaza de guadalajara I leave you all
the information the event link in the
part of the description of this video
to be put there to attend and attend
e to attend and have your ticket
to participate in the raffles so
beautiful Guadalajara we see you there
August 30 chao